README.md, before:

Hi, I’m Isaac 👋✨  
A guy who is curious about everything!

I’m currently looking for polytechnic internships / opportunities in **data analytics / data engineering / data science Startups** so feel free to reach out via LinkedIn.

I’m a **Lien Ying Chow Scholar** and an **Incoming Business Data Analyst Intern (Thailand)**.  
I’m also specialising in **Data Engineering** with a **Minor in Entrepreneurship**. 

🚀 What I’m building
**SkillLink** —> a student-built platform to help students connect with complementary teammates and collaborate on real projects (not just “entrepreneurship tips”). 

🧠 Interests
Generative AI + developer tooling (I share updates / thoughts on models like **Google Gemini**). 

🎓 Education  
**Ngee Ann Polytechnic** — Data Science student (Data Engineering specialisation)  
Minor in Entrepreneurship  
Expected Graduation: 2027 April

💼 Experience  
Incoming Business Data Analyst Intern (Thailand) 

🧰 Tech Stack (from your publicly visible project evidence)
- Node.js | TypeScript | VS Code Extension API (from “brainrot buddy”) 


📁 Projects  
Checkout my GitHub profile!
- SkillLink (concept + build story) - Private but check out the website https://skill-link.link
- brainrot buddy (VS Code extension project) 
- HR hiring Copilot

🤝 Let’s Connect!
🔗 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/isaac-lum/

🔗 Website/Portfolio: https://yoloizaac.com

Commit message:

Revise README with full name and project details
Updated name and clarified project descriptions in README.

README.md, after:

Hi, I’m Isaac Lum👋✨  
A guy who is curious about everything!

I’m currently looking for polytechnic internships / opportunities in **data analytics / data engineering / data science Startups** so feel free to reach out via LinkedIn.

I’m a **Lien Ying Chow Scholar** and an **Incoming Business Data Analyst Intern (Thailand)**.  
I’m also specialising in **Data Engineering** with a **Minor in Entrepreneurship**. 

🚀 What I’m building
**SkillLink** —> a student-built platform to help students connect with complementary teammates and collaborate on real projects (not just “entrepreneurship tips”). 

🧠 Interests
Generative AI + developer tooling (I share updates / thoughts on models like **Google Gemini**). 

🎓 Education  
**Ngee Ann Polytechnic** — Data Science student (Data Engineering specialisation)  
Minor in Entrepreneurship  
Expected Graduation: 2027 April

💼 Experience  
Incoming Business Data Analyst Intern (Thailand) 

🧰 Tech Stack (from your publicly visible project evidence)
- Node.js | TypeScript | VS Code Extension API (from “brainrot buddy”) 


📁 Projects  
Checkout my GitHub profile! These are my Main project that were built with others for hackathons or passion projects!
- SkillLink (concept + build story) - Private but check out the website https://skill-link.link
- brainrot buddy (VS Code extension project) 
- HR hiring Copilot

🤝 Let’s Connect!
🔗 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/isaac-lum/

🔗 Website/Portfolio: https://yoloizaac.com
